_docs/01.1-what_is_electrode.markdown, before:

---
title:  "What is Electrode?"
permalink: docs/what_is_electrode.html
toplevel: "Overview"
---

> Electrode is a platform for building universal React/Node.js applications with standardized structure, best practices, and modern technologies baked in. Electrode focuses on performance, component reusability, and simple deployment to multiple cloud providers—so you can focus on what makes your app unique.

#### Core: Quick + Easy
The heart of the platform is [Electrode Archetypes](https://github.com/electrode-io?utf8=%E2%9C%93&query=archetype%20only%3Asources%20). It allows for standardized configurations/structure of the app and its associated react components, also ensures streamlined development and deployment. It only takes five minutes with our [Getting Started: Quick Guide](quick_guide.html)

#### Stand Alone Modules: Optimize Where You Want
As part of the Electrode Platform, we have a number of modules that each do one specific task. Anything from [server-side render caching](server_side_render_cache.html) to [flexible configuration management](confippet.html). These modules can be used independently of the platform, and you can [learn more about integrating them into your existing apps](stand_alone_modules.html).

#### Tools: Power Up Your Existing Applications
The Electrode Platform also has tools that can be consumed by existing applications (though they come integrated with the Electrode code). There are currently two powerful tools: one which enables [discovery of reusable components](electrode_explorer.html) and another to help understand the [performance of JS bundles](electrify.html).

###Features
[Electrode Boilerplate](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-boilerplate-universal-react-node) comes fully loaded with the best technologies available:

*  [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/index.html) is an awesome JavaScript library for building user interfaces, created by Facebook.

*  [Redux](http://redux.js.org/docs/basics/UsageWithReact.html) a predictable state container for JavaScript apps. #game-changer.

*  [React Router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/tree/master/docs) is a powerful routing library built on top of React.

*  [CSS Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules) a CSS file in which all class names and animation names are scoped locally by default. Fixes the problem of the global scope in CSS. #winning

*  [Universal rendering](https://medium.com/@mjackson/universal-javascript-4761051b7ae9#.xjxr5yj5z) built in.

*  [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io/docs/motivation.html) a powerful module bundler.

*  [Webpack Isomorphic Loader](https://github.com/jchip/isomorphic-loader) a powerful tool that makes NodeJS `require` understand files such as images for SSR.

*  [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) transpiles ES6 + 7.

*  [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) a pluggable linting utility for Javascript.

*  [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/) a feature-rich Javascript testing framework.

*  [Enzyme](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme) a Javascript testing utility for React, created by airbnb.

*  [TravisCI](https://travis-ci.org/) a continuous integration service to build and test software projects.

*  [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) a Javascript build tool that lets us automate tasks.

*  [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/) a Scaffolding tool for modern webapps.

*  [History](https://www.npmjs.com/package/history) a Javascript library for managing session history.

*  [Bluebird](http://bluebirdjs.com/docs/why-promises.html) a great Javascript promise library.

*  [Electrode Confippet](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-confippet) Confippet is a versatile, flexible utility for managing configurations of Node.js applications.

*  [Electrode JWT CSRF](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-csrf-jwt) Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) protection with JWT.

*  [Electrode-Redux-Router-Engine](https://github.com/electrode-io/redux-router-engine) An Electrode routing and rendering engine for react-router and redux.

*  [Component Caching](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-react-ssr-caching) Optimize React SSR with profiling and component caching.

*  [Electrode-Server](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-server) A configurable web server using Hapi.js on top of Node.js.

*  [Electrify](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrify) Tool for analyzing the module tree of webpack projects.

*  [Electrode-Docgen](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-docgen) A custom metadata extractor for the Electrode framework, automates component documentation.

Commit message:

updated copy with some call to actions

_docs/01.1-what_is_electrode.markdown, after:

---
title:  "What is Electrode?"
permalink: docs/what_is_electrode.html
toplevel: "Overview"
---

> Electrode is a platform for building universal React/Node.js applications with standardized structure, best practices, and modern technologies baked in. Electrode focuses on performance, component reusability, and simple deployment to multiple cloud providers—so you can focus on what makes your app unique.

### Core: Quick + Easy
The heart of the platform is [Electrode Archetypes](https://github.com/electrode-io?utf8=%E2%9C%93&query=archetype%20only%3Asources%20). It allows for standardized configurations/structure of the app and its associated react components, also ensures streamlined development and deployment.

**It only takes a minute to your new Electrode application up and a few more minutes to deploy to the cloud [Getting Started: Quick Guide](quick_guide.html).**

### Stand Alone Modules: Optimize Where You Want
As part of the Electrode Platform, we have a number of modules that each do one specific task. Anything from [server-side render caching](server_side_render_cache.html) to [flexible configuration management](confippet.html). These modules can be used independently of the platform, and you can [learn more about integrating them into your existing apps](stand_alone_modules.html).

Start using these modules in your existing application with our [guide](stand_alone_modules.html).

### Tools: Power Up Your Existing Applications
The Electrode Platform also has tools that can be consumed by existing applications (though some of the tools require far less configuration to use with Electrode core and some are bundled with Electrode Core.). There are currently two powerful tools: one which enables [discovery of reusable components](electrode_explorer.html) and another to help understand the [performance of JS bundles](electrify.html).

##Features
[Electrode Boilerplate](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-boilerplate-universal-react-node) comes fully loaded with the best technologies available:

*  [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/index.html) is an awesome JavaScript library for building user interfaces, created by Facebook.

*  [Redux](http://redux.js.org/docs/basics/UsageWithReact.html) a predictable state container for JavaScript apps. #game-changer.

*  [React Router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/tree/master/docs) is a powerful routing library built on top of React.

*  [CSS Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules) a CSS file in which all class names and animation names are scoped locally by default. Fixes the problem of the global scope in CSS. #winning

*  [Universal rendering](https://medium.com/@mjackson/universal-javascript-4761051b7ae9#.xjxr5yj5z) built in.

*  [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io/docs/motivation.html) a powerful module bundler.

*  [Webpack Isomorphic Loader](https://github.com/jchip/isomorphic-loader) a powerful tool that makes NodeJS `require` understand files such as images for SSR.

*  [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) transpiles ES6 + 7.

*  [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) a pluggable linting utility for Javascript.

*  [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/) a feature-rich Javascript testing framework.

*  [Enzyme](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme) a Javascript testing utility for React, created by airbnb.

*  [TravisCI](https://travis-ci.org/) a continuous integration service to build and test software projects.

*  [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) a Javascript build tool that lets us automate tasks.

*  [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/) a Scaffolding tool for modern webapps.

*  [History](https://www.npmjs.com/package/history) a Javascript library for managing session history.

*  [Bluebird](http://bluebirdjs.com/docs/why-promises.html) a great Javascript promise library.

*  [Electrode Confippet](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-confippet) Confippet is a versatile, flexible utility for managing configurations of Node.js applications.

*  [Electrode JWT CSRF](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-csrf-jwt) Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) protection with JWT.

*  [Electrode-Redux-Router-Engine](https://github.com/electrode-io/redux-router-engine) An Electrode routing and rendering engine for react-router and redux.

*  [Component Caching](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-react-ssr-caching) Optimize React SSR with profiling and component caching.

*  [Electrode-Server](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-server) A configurable web server using Hapi.js on top of Node.js.

*  [Electrify](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrify) Tool for analyzing the module tree of webpack projects.

*  [Electrode-Docgen](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-docgen) A custom metadata extractor for the Electrode framework, automates component documentation.
