---
title:  "Why Use Electrode?"
permalink: docs/why_use_electrode.html
toplevel: "Overview"
---

At @WalmartLabs, we recently migrated our web site to a universal JavaScript
stack using React/Node.js, and along the way we hit a few stumbling blocks that
might sound familiar if you've worked on a large, complex web app before.

We reuse React components across all of our brands, which means our developers
need to be able to search through thousands of components, view their
documentation and see them rendered, and use another developer's component
secure in the knowledge that its structure and implementation are consistent
with our standards. We needed a way to ensure that all components were built
according to modern best practices, without slowing our developers down with a
lot of manual configuration.

We serve millions of customers a day, and performance is vital to our business.
React's server-side rendering has the potential to improve performance and SEO,
but it can be complicated to set up. We needed a platform with server-side
rendering built in by default, so new projects would be optimized from day one.

Configuration and deployment of a web app at this scale can get out of hand
quickly. We needed tools to manage multiple complex configurations, deploy to
multiple environments and hosts, and optimize the bundles we deliver to
customers.

To solve these problems, we created the Electrode platform. Electrode consists
of three pillars: Electrode Core, Electrode Modules, and Electrode Tools.

*Electrode Core* provides a set of modules that get you started with a simple,
consistent structure that follows modern best practices. When you're ready to
take your app into production, Electrode automatically deploys to your favorite
cloud provider.

*Electrode Modules* improve performance, efficiency, and security by adding
features like above the fold rendering, configuration management, and cross-site
request forgery detection. These modules can be used with your existing
React/Node.js applicationâ€”no need to migrate to Electrode Core.

*Electrode Tools* help organize reusable components and optimize large
JavaScript bundles. Like the modules, our tools can be used with any
React/Node.js app.

As we continue to solve problems like these at @WalmartLabs, Electrode will
continue to improve. Future enhancements will include more progressive web app
features for mobile, bigger investments in performance, and much more.

So let's go! Check out the developer environment
[requirements](requirements.html) and use our [Getting Started: Quick
Guide](quick_guide.html) to start building now.

