---
title:  "Why Use Electrode?"
permalink: docs/why_use_electrode.html
toplevel: "Overview"
---

> If you're writing a universal React/Node.js application, then Electrode is for you!

At [@WalmartLabs](http://www.walmartlabs.com/), we recently migrated [walmart.com](http://walmart.com) to a [Universal JavaScript](https://medium.com/@mjackson/universal-javascript-4761051b7ae9#.k3j9fruyn)
stack using React/Node.js. Along the way, we hit a few stumbling blocks that
might sound familiar if you've worked on a large, complex web app before.

### Universal JavaScript
Universal JavaScript allows us to use the same view rendering code from the 
server and client. When a user requests a page, they immediately receive 
the fully rendered HTML on initial page load. They will not have to wait 
for the client side JavaScript code to load and render the page. 

At the same time, when they change and navigate across different routes or 
get new data, the client side code will handle all the rendering of the views. 
Only the data changes will be sent between the client and the server. 
This approach provides for an optimized user experience resulting in fast 
page loads and even faster navigation experience. In the world of eCommerce 
where every millisecond counts, we believe this is the best way forward. 

### Code/UI Reuse

We reuse React components across all of our brands, which means our developers
need to be able to search through thousands of components, view their
documentation and see them rendered, and use another developer's component
secure in the knowledge that its structure and implementation are consistent
with our standards. We needed a way to ensure that all components were built
according to modern best practices, without slowing our developers down with a
lot of manual configuration.

### Server Side Rendering (SSR) Performance

We serve millions of customers a day, so performance is critical to our business.
React's SSR support is vital for SEO (Search Engine Optimization) and has the potential to improve performance,
but it's intensive on the server CPUs. We needed a platform with SSR built-in with
a default configuration that's optimized for performance.

### Fast Startup and Deployment

We don't have time to create an application structure, configuration files, and
Docker containers from scratch every time we start a project. We need to start
fast and to deploy fast, with a consistent structure and optimal configuration every
time.

### Three Pillars

To solve these problems, we created the Electrode platform. Electrode consists
of three pillars: Electrode Core, Electrode Modules, and Electrode Tools.

***Electrode Core*** provides a set of modules that get you started with a simple,
consistent structure that follows modern best practices. When you're ready to
take your app into production, Electrode automatically deploys to your favorite
cloud provider.

***Electrode Modules*** improve performance, efficiency, and security by adding
features like [above the fold rendering](above_fold_rendering.html), [configuration management](confippet.html), and [cross-site request forgery protection](stateless_csrf_validation.html). These modules can even be used with your existing React/Node.js application—so there's no need to migrate to Electrode Core.

***Electrode Tools*** help [organize](electrode_explorer.html) reusable components and [optimize large
JavaScript bundles](electrify.html). Like the modules, our tools can be used with any
React/Node.js app.

### Future Investment

[Electrode](https://github.com/electrode-io) will continue to improve as we continue to solve problems like these at [@WalmartLabs](http://www.walmartlabs.com/). Future enhancements will include more [progressive web app
features](https://developers.google.com/web/progressive-web-apps/) for web and mobile, bigger investments in performance, and much more.

We're committed to open source, which means our investment is your investment.

### Take a Look

So let's go! Check out the developer environment
[requirements](requirements.html), dive into [Electrode's features in
detail](https://electrode-io.github.io/docs/what_is_electrode.html#features), or
use our [Getting Started: Quick Guide](get_started.html) to start building now.
