_docs/01.5-quick_guide.markdown, before:

---
title:  "Quick Guide"
permalink: docs/quick_guide.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Quick Guide"
---

##### Quick Guide

Install [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/), [gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) and the [Electrode Generator](https://github.com/electrode-io/generator-electrode):

```bash
$ sudo npm install -g yo gulp generator-electrode
```

Make a new directory for your awesome app.

Then [generate](https://github.com/electrode-io/generator-electrode) your new project:

```bash
$ mkdir my-electrode-app
$ cd my-electrode-app
$ yo electrode
```

Fill out the Electrode App generator with your information:

![generator-app](/img/generator-application.png)

Run one simple command. Presto!

```bash
$ gulp dev
```

Let's take a quick high level overview of our file structure and what `generator-electrode` gives you out the box. Read through our [Explore More](explore.html) for a more detailed description.

```
client
  Contains your client side code and our favs, React, Redux + CSS modules.
  |_components
    This is the folder for your React components. We love React and how it helps
    us to manage User Interface complexity. Read more in the Explore section.

  |_styles
    This is the folder for your CSS files. We will use CSS Modules: a CSS file
    in which all class names and animation names are scoped locally by default.
    At WalmartLabs this helps us tackle big scale style issues by fixing the
    issue of the global scope in CSS.

  app.jsx
    The entry point for the client. It contains powerful Electrode modules that
    we will leverage as we continue to Build More.

  routes.jsx
    The shared routes between client and server are defined here in one place
    and we use react-router.

config
    Your environment specific configuration code goes here. We have used a
    versatile module here, our Electrode-Confippet, a preset config that you
    can customize and extend.

node_modules
  Other Javascript files contained in modules that we will use in this
  application, including Electrode modules that create your out-the-box
  Univeresal app.

server
  Contains your server code. Electrode-Server gives you a powerful plugin
  capable of SSR out the box. Learn more in the Explore section.
  |_plugins
  |_views

.babelrc
  Where we extend our app babel configuration to allow us to use the presets and
  any additional babel settings.

.editorconfig
.gitattributes
.gitignore
   A file that tell git what files (or patterns) to ignore when you commit.

.ismorphic-loader-config.json
  A webpack loader, plugin and library to make NodeJS 'require' understand
  complex files like images when we are doing server side rendering.

.travis.yml
  A file where you can customize any process in the Travis default build
  environment.

gulpfile.js
  A file that stores all your Gulp configurations. We will explore this more in
  Getting Started: Intermediate.

LICENSE
package.json
  Contains the metadata for your-awesome-app and a list of your dependencies to
  install from npm when running npm install.

README.md
  Info you want users to know about your app (installation instructions,
  licensing, contributors, etc.).
```


Open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser. Hello Electrode!

Commit message:

Splits build more + deploy, updates explorer + docker docs (#65)
* Adds dummy generator app in quick guide

* Adds final styles to components - changes for showcase

* Adds wrapper around house in base.css - add_routes.md

* Updates Advanced content with feedback from team - updates server_config

* Adds copy above final app version text

* Adds images in tools + explorer

* Updates Docker docs w/ new built in image instructions

* Splits build more + deploy - adds navigatin

* Updates explorer and bolds Docker built in image + link

* Updates kubernettes link

_docs/01.5-quick_guide.markdown, after:

---
title:  "Quick Guide"
permalink: docs/quick_guide.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Quick Guide"
---

##### Quick Guide

Install [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/), [gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) and the [Electrode Generator](https://github.com/electrode-io/generator-electrode):

```bash
$ sudo npm install -g yo gulp generator-electrode
```

Make a new directory for your awesome app.

Then [generate](https://github.com/electrode-io/generator-electrode) your new project:

```bash
$ mkdir my-electrode-app
$ cd my-electrode-app
$ yo electrode
```

Fill out the Electrode App generator with your information:

![generator-app](/img/generator-application.png)

Run one simple command. Presto!

```bash
$ gulp dev
```

Let's take a quick high level overview of our file structure and what `generator-electrode` gives you out the box. Read through our [Explore More](explore.html) for a more detailed description.

```
client
  Contains your client side code and our favs, React, Redux + CSS modules.
  |_components
    This is the folder for your React components. We love React and how it helps
    us to manage User Interface complexity. Read more in the Explore section.

  |_styles
    This is the folder for your CSS files. We will use CSS Modules: a CSS file
    in which all class names and animation names are scoped locally by default.
    At WalmartLabs this helps us tackle big scale style issues by fixing the
    issue of the global scope in CSS.

  app.jsx
    The entry point for the client. It contains powerful Electrode modules that
    we will leverage as we continue to Build More.

  routes.jsx
    The shared routes between client and server are defined here in one place
    and we use react-router.

config
    Your environment specific configuration code goes here. We have used a
    versatile module here, our Electrode-Confippet, a preset config that you
    can customize and extend.

node_modules
  Other Javascript files contained in modules that we will use in this
  application, including Electrode modules that create your out-the-box
  Univeresal app.

server
  Contains your server code. Electrode-Server gives you a powerful plugin
  capable of SSR out the box. Learn more in the Explore section.
  |_plugins
  |_views

.babelrc
  Where we extend our app babel configuration to allow us to use the presets and
  any additional babel settings.

.editorconfig
.gitattributes
.gitignore
   A file that tell git what files (or patterns) to ignore when you commit.

.ismorphic-loader-config.json
  A webpack loader, plugin and library to make NodeJS 'require' understand
  complex files like images when we are doing server side rendering.

.travis.yml
  A file where you can customize any process in the Travis default build
  environment.

gulpfile.js
  A file that stores all your Gulp configurations. We will explore this more in
  Getting Started: Intermediate.

LICENSE
package.json
  Contains the metadata for your-awesome-app and a list of your dependencies to
  install from npm when running npm install.

README.md
  Info you want users to know about your app (installation instructions,
  licensing, contributors, etc.).
```


Open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser. Hello Electrode! Let's continue to [build](build_more.html) by modifying our component and deploying in [Quick Start: Build More](build_more.html).
