_docs/02.3-get_started.markdown, before:

---
title:  "Get Started"
permalink: docs/get_started.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Quick Guide"
---

> Electrode Environment Setup Requirements:
<br>
> * Latest [Node LTS binary](https://nodejs.org/en/) (at least v4.2 required), tip: use [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm) to manage your nodejs versions.
> * [npm v3](https://github.com/npm/npm/releases/tag/v3.0.0) - Install the latest [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) version `npm install -g npm`

> please checkout [requirements docs](http://www.electrode.io/docs/requirements.html) for detailed setup instructions.

#### Quick Guide

Are you ready to build your first Electrode App?

Please make sure to have all the [environment requirements](http://www.electrode.io/docs/requirements.html) ready & setup before proceeding to the next step.

First, install [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/) and the [Electrode Generator]

```bash
$ npm install -g yo gulp generator-electrode

** NOTE: You may need sudo depending on your machine permissions. **
```

Make a new directory for your awesome app, then generate your new project:

```bash
$ mkdir your-awesome-app
$ cd your-awesome-app
$ yo electrode
```

Fill out the Electrode App generator with your information:

![generator-app](/img/generator-application.png)

Run one simple command to start the server. Presto!

```bash
$ gulp dev
```

Now open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to access the app. Hello Electrode!

---

##### Project Structure

Let's take a quick high level overview of our file structure and what `generator-electrode` gives you out the box. Read through our [What's Inside section](whats_inside.html) for a more detailed description.

- `client/`

    Contains your client side code and our favs, React, Redux + CSS modules.

    - `app.jsx`

        The entry point for the client. It contains powerful Electrode modules that we will leverage as we build out functionality.

    - `routes.jsx`

        The shared routes between client and server are defined here for use with react-router.

    - `components/`

        This is the folder for your React components. We love React and how it helps us to manage User Interface complexity. Read more in the Explore section.

    - `styles/`

        This is the folder for your CSS files. We will use CSS Modules: a CSS file in which all class names and animation names are scoped locally by default.

- `config/`

    Your environment specific configuration files go here and are managed by the versatile [electrode-confippet](confippet.html) module, including a preset config that you can customize and extend.

- `node_modules/`

    Other Javascript files contained in modules that we will use in this application, including Electrode modules that create your out-the-box Universal app. This folder is managed directy by `npm`.

-  `server/`

    Contains your server-side code. Electrode-Server gives you a powerful plugin capable of SSR out the box. Learn more in the [What's Inside section](whats_inside.html).

- `.babelrc`

    Where we extend our app babel configuration to allow us to use the presets and any additional babel settings.

- `.gitignore`

    A file that tell git what files (or patterns) to ignore when you commit.

- `.ismorphic-loader-config.json`

    A webpack loader, plugin and library to make NodeJS `require` work with complex files like images when we are doing server-side rendering.

-  `.travis.yml`

    A file where you can customize any process in the Travis default build environment.

-  `gulpfile.js`

    A file that stores all your Gulp configurations. We will explore this more in [Getting Started: Intermediate](create_reusable_component.html).

-  `package.json`

    Contains the metadata for `your-awesome-app` and a list of your dependencies to install when running `npm install`.

- `README.md`

    Info you want users to know about your app (installation instructions, licensing, contributors, etc.).

---

Let's continue to build by modifying our component and deploying in [Quick Start: Build Component](build_component.html).

[Electrode Generator]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode#yeoman-generator

Commit message:

add documentation for production build

_docs/02.3-get_started.markdown, after:

---
title:  "Get Started"
permalink: docs/get_started.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Quick Guide"
---

> Electrode Environment Setup Requirements:
<br>
> * Latest [Node LTS binary](https://nodejs.org/en/) (at least v4.2 required), tip: use [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm) to manage your nodejs versions.
> * [npm v3](https://github.com/npm/npm/releases/tag/v3.0.0) - Install the latest [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) version `npm install -g npm`

> please checkout [requirements docs](http://www.electrode.io/docs/requirements.html) for detailed setup instructions.

#### Quick Guide

Are you ready to build your first Electrode App?

Please make sure to have all the [environment requirements](http://www.electrode.io/docs/requirements.html) ready & setup before proceeding to the next step.

First, install [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/) and the [Electrode Generator]

```bash
$ npm install -g yo gulp generator-electrode

** NOTE: You may need sudo depending on your machine permissions. **
```

Make a new directory for your awesome app, then generate your new project:

```bash
$ mkdir your-awesome-app
$ cd your-awesome-app
$ yo electrode
```

Fill out the Electrode App generator with your information:

![generator-app](/img/generator-application.png)

Run one simple command to start the server. Presto!

```bash
$ gulp dev
```

Now open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to access the app. Hello Electrode!

To view all the gulp tasks available type `gulp`.
To build your app's client bundle for production use

```bash
gulp build
```

followed by

```bash
npm run prod
```

---

##### Project Structure

Let's take a quick high level overview of our file structure and what `generator-electrode` gives you out the box. Read through our [What's Inside section](whats_inside.html) for a more detailed description.

- `client/`

    Contains your client side code and our favs, React, Redux + CSS modules.

    - `app.jsx`

        The entry point for the client. It contains powerful Electrode modules that we will leverage as we build out functionality.

    - `routes.jsx`

        The shared routes between client and server are defined here for use with react-router.

    - `components/`

        This is the folder for your React components. We love React and how it helps us to manage User Interface complexity. Read more in the Explore section.

    - `styles/`

        This is the folder for your CSS files. We will use CSS Modules: a CSS file in which all class names and animation names are scoped locally by default.

- `config/`

    Your environment specific configuration files go here and are managed by the versatile [electrode-confippet](confippet.html) module, including a preset config that you can customize and extend.

- `node_modules/`

    Other Javascript files contained in modules that we will use in this application, including Electrode modules that create your out-the-box Universal app. This folder is managed directy by `npm`.

-  `server/`

    Contains your server-side code. Electrode-Server gives you a powerful plugin capable of SSR out the box. Learn more in the [What's Inside section](whats_inside.html).

- `.babelrc`

    Where we extend our app babel configuration to allow us to use the presets and any additional babel settings.

- `.gitignore`

    A file that tell git what files (or patterns) to ignore when you commit.

- `.ismorphic-loader-config.json`

    A webpack loader, plugin and library to make NodeJS `require` work with complex files like images when we are doing server-side rendering.

-  `.travis.yml`

    A file where you can customize any process in the Travis default build environment.

-  `gulpfile.js`

    A file that stores all your Gulp configurations. We will explore this more in [Getting Started: Intermediate](create_reusable_component.html).

-  `package.json`

    Contains the metadata for `your-awesome-app` and a list of your dependencies to install when running `npm install`.

- `README.md`

    Info you want users to know about your app (installation instructions, licensing, contributors, etc.).

---

Let's continue to build by modifying our component and deploying in [Quick Start: Build Component](build_component.html).

[Electrode Generator]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode#yeoman-generator
