_docs/02.5-deploy_app.markdown, before:

---
title:  "Deploy Your App"
permalink: docs/deploy_app.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Quick Guide"
---

We're almost finished with our Quick Start. The final step is to deploy `your-awesome-app` and share it with your fellow developers using [Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/deployment). We have listed the steps below, but feel free to learn more about Heroku [here](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs#introduction). These instructions assume you have a GitHub account. Navigate to your GitHub and create a new empty repo 'Your-Awesome-App'. Hit the `clone your-awesome-repo` and follow the steps below in order:

```bash
$ git init
$ git add .
$ git commit -m 'first commit'
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/your-Github-name/your-awesome-app.git
$ git push -u origin master
```

Navigate to the [Heroku site](https://signup.heroku.com/dc) and set up a free account. This will help streamline our deployment process (we will do this several times).

Next, let's quickly deploy `your-awesome-app` from the command line. [Click here](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs#set-up") to download and install the Heroku CLI for your machine.

When you are finished installing, log in using the email address and password you used when creating your Heroku account.

```bash
$ heroku login
```

Enter your Heroku credentials:

```bash
Email: your-example-email@walmartlabs.com
Password:
```

You should see a terminal message `Logged in as your-example-email@walmartlabs.com`. Now, let's deploy!

You'll need to specify the [version of node](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/node-best-practices) you are using on your machine into our `package.json`. Add the following json snippet to your `package.json`:

```json
    "engines": {
      "node": "4.2.x"
    },
```

It should now look similar to this:

```json
{
  "name": "your-awesome-app",
  "version": "0.0.0",
  "description": "your-app-description",
  "homepage": "your-awesome-app",
  "author": {
    "name": "your-name",
    "email": "your-email-address@email.com",
    "url": "your-app-url"
  },
  "engines": {
    "node": "4.2.x"
  },
  "contributors": [],
  "files": [
    "lib"
  ],
  "main": "lib/index.js",
  "keywords": [
    "test"
  ],
  "repository": {
    "type": "git",
    "url": "your-repo-url"
  },
  "license": "Apache-2.0",
  "scripts": {
    "test": "gulp test",
    "coverage": "gulp check"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "bluebird": "^2.10.2",
    "electrode-router-resolver-engine": "^1.0.0",
    "electrode-server": "^1.0.0",
    "electrode-static-paths": "^1.0.0",
    "lodash": "^4.10.1"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "electrode-archetype-react-app": "^1.0.0",
    "electrode-archetype-react-app-dev": "^1.0.0",
    "gulp": "^3.9.1"
  }
}
```

Use the following commands to commit your changes:

```bash
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "Updates package.json"
```

Create an app on Heroku (which prepares Heroku to receive your source code). This will also create a git remote called `heroku` and generate a random name:

```bash
$ heroku create
```

Alternatively, you can also create an app that will generate a your app's name (if it is available):

```bash
$ heroku create your-awesome-app
```

Navigate to your `package.json` and add this line in the `scripts` section:

```json
  "heroku-postbuild": "gulp build",
```

That section should now look like this:

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "test": "gulp test",
    "coverage": "gulp check",
    "heroku-postbuild": "gulp build",
    "start": "node server/index.js"
  }
}
```

Use the following commands to commit this change as well:

```bash
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "Updates package.json"
```

Use the command below to set a configuration so that Heroku installs Your-Awesome-App's devDependencies:

```bash
$ heroku config:set NPM_CONFIG_PRODUCTION=false
```

Use the command below to set a configuration for [production.js](https://github.com/docs-code-examples-electrode-io/electrode-example-app-with-plugin-and-routes/blob/master/config/production.js#L11):

```bash
$ heroku config:set STATIC_FILES=true
```

Now deploy your code:

```bash
$ git push heroku master
```

Visit the app at the generated URL by using this command:

```bash
$ heroku open
```

And...you did it! [Click here](https://first-electrode-example-app.herokuapp.com) for our deployed Heroku version. We will build even more in our [Getting Started: Intermediate](create_reusable_component.html) and cover complex topics like routing, server plugins and other powerful deployment software.

Commit message:

Updates heroku docs + app tests/home.spec.js + minor edits (#148)
* Resolves issue #118

* Resolves issue linting error in component

* Removes hapi + webpack from server plugin - cleans up wording

* Resolves lint errors in example app - James's app pr

* Resolves issues #124 + #127

* Updates final app output image

* Resolves issue #143

* Updates build_and_demo with correct component images + directions on using demo

* Resolves issues #129 + #135

* Rephrases wording of Add Data subheading

* Tells user how to use node -v/find node version + makes commit messages more explicit

* Adds updated app example tests from example-app pr

* Fixes typo in deploy.md

* Adds NPM account to requirements + fixes link in get_started

* Edits new directory for reusable component instructions

* Updates token instructions in build_server_plugin

* Fixes reviewers comments in plugin + requirements - reverts FAQs

* Removes unnecessary GitHub directions in build_server_plugin

* Rewords GitHub directions in build_server_plugin

_docs/02.5-deploy_app.markdown, after:

---
title:  "Deploy Your App"
permalink: docs/deploy_app.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Quick Guide"
---

We're almost finished with our Quick Start. The final step is to deploy `your-awesome-app` and share it with your fellow developers using [Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/deployment). We have listed the steps below, but feel free to learn more about Heroku [here](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs#introduction). These instructions assume you have a GitHub account. Navigate to your GitHub and create a new empty repo 'Your-Awesome-App'. Hit the `clone your-awesome-repo` and follow the steps below in order:

```bash
$ git init
$ git add .
$ git commit -m 'first commit'
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/your-Github-name/your-awesome-app.git
$ git push -u origin master
```

Navigate to the [Heroku site](https://signup.heroku.com/dc) and set up a free account. This will help streamline our deployment process (we will do this several times).

Next, let's quickly deploy `your-awesome-app` from the command line. [Click here](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs#set-up") to download and install the Heroku CLI for your machine.

When you are finished installing, log in using the email address and password you used when creating your Heroku account.

```bash
$ heroku login
```

Enter your Heroku credentials:

```bash
Email: your-example-email@walmartlabs.com
Password:
```

You should see a terminal message `Logged in as your-example-email@your-email-provider.com`. Now, let's deploy!

You'll need to specify the [version of node](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/node-best-practices) you are using on your machine into our `package.json`. Add the code below the `author` section and before the `contributors` section of your `package.json`. Make sure to change `"node": "4.2.x"` to your actual node version. To find out what version you have, run `node -v` in the command line:

```json
    "engines": {
      "node": "4.2.x"
    },
```

It should now look similar to this:

```json
{
  "name": "your-awesome-app",
  "version": "0.0.0",
  "description": "your-app-description",
  "homepage": "your-awesome-app",
  "author": {
    "name": "your-name",
    "email": "your-email-address@email.com",
    "url": "your-app-url"
  },
  "engines": {
    "node": "4.2.x"
  },
  "contributors": [],
  "files": [
    "lib"
  ],
  "main": "server/index.js",
  "keywords": [
    "test"
  ],
  "repository": {
    "type": "git",
    "url": "your-repo-url"
  },
  "license": "Apache-2.0",
  "scripts": {
    "test": "gulp test",
    "coverage": "gulp check"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "bluebird": "^2.10.2",
    "electrode-router-resolver-engine": "^1.0.0",
    "electrode-server": "^1.0.0",
    "electrode-static-paths": "^1.0.0",
    "lodash": "^4.10.1"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "electrode-archetype-react-app": "^1.0.0",
    "electrode-archetype-react-app-dev": "^1.0.0",
    "gulp": "^3.9.1"
  }
}
```

Use the following commands to commit your changes:

```bash
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "Updates package.json with node version"
```

Create an app on Heroku (which prepares Heroku to receive your source code). This will also create a git remote called `heroku` and generate a random name:

```bash
$ heroku create
```

Alternatively, you can also create an app that will generate a your app's name (if it is available):

```bash
$ heroku create your-awesome-app
```

Navigate to your `package.json` and add this line in the `scripts` section:

```json
  "heroku-postbuild": "gulp build",
```

That section should now look like this:

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "test": "gulp test",
    "coverage": "gulp check",
    "heroku-postbuild": "gulp build",
    "start": "node server/index.js"
  }
}
```

Use the following commands to commit this change as well:

```bash
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "Updates package.json with heroku-postbuild"
```

Use the command below to set a configuration so that Heroku installs Your-Awesome-App's devDependencies:

```bash
$ heroku config:set NPM_CONFIG_PRODUCTION=false
```

Use the command below to set a configuration for [production.js](https://github.com/docs-code-examples-electrode-io/electrode-example-app-with-plugin-and-routes/blob/master/config/production.js#L11):

```bash
$ heroku config:set STATIC_FILES=true
```

Now deploy your code:

```bash
$ git push heroku master
```

Visit the app at the generated URL by using this command:

```bash
$ heroku open
```

And...you did it! [Click here](https://first-electrode-example-app.herokuapp.com) for our deployed Heroku version. We will build even more in our [Getting Started: Intermediate](create_reusable_component.html) and cover complex topics like routing, server plugins and other powerful deployment software.
