_docs/03.1-create_reusable_component.markdown, before:

---
title:  "Create a Reusable Component"
permalink: docs/create_reusable_component.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Intermediate"
---

First things first. Let's make our thing... a Thing! In this Getting Started: Intermediate guide, we’ll take some of the basics we explored in our [Quick Start](get_started.html) and go further. We will make our resource list a dynamic list that is styled, tested, published and capable of being deployed with other deployment software like Docker and Kubernetes.

Building this application with React components will allow for greater modularity, which will enable reuse of code in later iterations. This Service-oriented Architecture also greatly increases workflow efficiency by allowing developers to easily divide and conquer tasks during the production process. Furthermore, better separation of concerns allows for much easier debugging in general.

Again, we are leveraging [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/) to quick start the creation of our first stand alone component. We will globally install the Electrode [generator-electrode-component]:

```bash
$ npm install -g generator-electrode-component
```

Then generate your new component:

```bash
$ yo electrode-component
```

Fill out the Electrode [generator-electrode-component] with your information.

Open the application up with your favorite text editor. We'll start with a fast high level view of the most important files in your component:

```
  demo
    A live demo of your component. You can play with its integration in real
    time. This folder contains the .example files which you can customize to
    demonstrate the default state of your components when mounted in the
    playground.

  node_modules
    Other Javascript files contained in modules that we will use in this
    application, including Electrode modules that create your out-of-the-box
    Universal app.

  src
    Where all our components' source code lives, in their respective files.
    Non-universal apps might normally call this the “client” folder, but
    since our app code will run both on the client and server, via server
    side rendering, we call this folder "src".

  test
  Test driven development is the WalmartLabs way and critical for successful
  growth and scaling. All testing code lives in this folder and we will focus
  on unit testing with Mocha + Enzyme soon.
    |_client
      |_components
        |_helpers
      |_.eslintrc
        A configuration file that sets our custom linting rules and basic syntax
        validation. In this case it is extended from the
        electrode-archetype-react-component.

  gulpfile.js
    Gulp is a Javascript build tool that lets us automate tasks and the
    gulpfile.js is where we define those tasks. We like its simple syntax
    and the increased productivity from using an intuitive task runner.

```

Now that we have basic structure of the component. Lets build a sample component by following below steps.

1. [Develop a couple of low-level components](low_level_components.html)
2. [Develop helpers for the components](component_helpers.html)
3. [Develop styles using CSS modules](develop_styles.html)
4. [Develop main high-level component](high_level_component.html)
5. [Develop tests for the above components](test_components.html)
6. [Add Demo data](add_data.html)
7. [Build and Demo the component](build_and_demo.html)
8. [Generating documentation](generate_docs.html)

Trust me, it will be worth it.

[generator-electrode-component]: https://github.com/electrode-io/generator-electrode-component

Commit message:

Updates build_and_demo with correct component images + directions on using demo

_docs/03.1-create_reusable_component.markdown, after:

---
title:  "Create a Reusable Component"
permalink: docs/create_reusable_component.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Intermediate"
---

First things first. Let's make our thing... a Thing! In this Getting Started: Intermediate guide, we’ll take some of the basics we explored in our [Quick Start](get_started.html) and go further. We will make our resource list a dynamic list that is styled, tested, published and capable of being deployed with other deployment software like Docker and Kubernetes.

Building this application with React components will allow for greater modularity, which will enable reuse of code in later iterations. This Service-oriented Architecture also greatly increases workflow efficiency by allowing developers to easily divide and conquer tasks during the production process. Furthermore, better separation of concerns allows for much easier debugging in general.

Let's begin by creating using `cd` to exit Your-Awesome-App and return to our root to create a new directory:

```bash
$ cd
$ mkdir my-electrode-component
$ cd my-electrode-component
```

Again, we are leveraging [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/) to quick start the creation of our first stand alone component. We will globally install the Electrode [generator-electrode-component]:

```bash
$ npm install -g generator-electrode-component
```

Then generate your new component:

```bash
$ yo electrode-component
```

Fill out the Electrode [generator-electrode-component] with your information:

![component-form](/img/component-form.png)

Open the application up with your favorite text editor. We'll start with a fast high level view of the most important files in your component:

```
  demo
    A live demo of your component. You can play with its integration in real
    time. This folder contains the .example files which you can customize to
    demonstrate the default state of your components when mounted in the
    playground.

  node_modules
    Other Javascript files contained in modules that we will use in this
    application, including Electrode modules that create your out-of-the-box
    Universal app.

  src
    Where all our components' source code lives, in their respective files.
    Non-universal apps might normally call this the “client” folder, but
    since our app code will run both on the client and server, via server
    side rendering, we call this folder "src".

  test
  Test driven development is the WalmartLabs way and critical for successful
  growth and scaling. All testing code lives in this folder and we will focus
  on unit testing with Mocha + Enzyme soon.
    |_client
      |_components
        |_helpers
      |_.eslintrc
        A configuration file that sets our custom linting rules and basic syntax
        validation. In this case it is extended from the
        electrode-archetype-react-component.

  gulpfile.js
    Gulp is a Javascript build tool that lets us automate tasks and the
    gulpfile.js is where we define those tasks. We like its simple syntax
    and the increased productivity from using an intuitive task runner.

```

Now that we have basic structure of the component. Lets build a sample component by following below steps.

1. [Develop a couple of low-level components](low_level_components.html)
2. [Develop helpers for the components](component_helpers.html)
3. [Develop styles using CSS modules](develop_styles.html)
4. [Develop main high-level component](high_level_component.html)
5. [Develop tests for the above components](test_components.html)
6. [Add Demo data](add_data.html)
7. [Build and Demo the component](build_and_demo.html)
8. [Generating documentation](generate_docs.html)

Trust me, it will be worth it.

[generator-electrode-component]: https://github.com/electrode-io/generator-electrode-component
