_docs/03.1-create_standalone_component.markdown, before:

---
title:  "Create a Standalone Component"
permalink: docs/create_standalone_component.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Intermediate"
---

<p>First things first. Let's make our thing... a Thing. By taking some of the very basics we explored in our <a href="#">Quick Start</a>, we want to build a dynamic resource list that is styled, tested, published and capable of being deployed with other deployment software like Azure, Docker and Kubernetes.</p>

<p>Again, we are leveraging <a href="http://yeoman.io/">Yeoman</a> to quick start the creation of our first stand alone component. We will globally install the Electrode <a href="https://github.com/electrode-io/generator-electrode-component" class="doc-links">generator-electrode-component:</a></p>

<div class="snippet">
  <pre><code>
    npm install -g generator-electrode-component
  </code></pre>
</div>

<p class="body-text">Then <a href="https://github.com/electrode-io/generator-electrode-component" class="doc-links">generate</a> your new component:</p>

<div class="snippet">
  <pre><code>
    yo electrode-component
  </code></pre>
</div>

<p class="body-text">Fill out the Electrode generator-electrode-component with your information.</p>

<p class="body-text">Run one simple command. This one will load the component in a demo showcase. We have the power of seeing the demo work in an abstracted environment:</p>

<div class="snippet">
  <pre><code>
    gulp demo
  </code></pre>
</div>

<p class="body-text">Open the application up with your favorite text editor. We will start with a fast high level view of the most important files in your component: </p>

<div class="snippet">
  <pre><code>
    demo
      A live demo of your component. You can play with it's integration in real time. This folder contains the .example files which you can customize to demonstrate the default state of your components when mounted in the playground.

    node_modules
      Other Javascript files contained in modules that we will use in this application, including Electrode modules that create your out-the-box Univeresal app.

    src
      Where all our component's source code lives, in their respective files.

    test
    Test driven development is the WalmartLabs way and critical for successful growth and scaling. All testing code lives in this folder and we will focus on unit testing with Mocha + Enzyme soon.
      |_client
        |_components
          |_helpers
        |_.eslintrc
          A configuration file that sets our custom linting rules and basic syntax validation. In this case it is extended from the electrode-archetype-react-component.

    components.json
      This JSON file is automatically generated to described and bootstrap your component so that the playground/explore can mount it in your component library.

    gulpfile.js
      Gulp is a javascript build tool that lets us automate tasks and the gulpfile.js is where define those tasks. We like it's simple syntax and the increase in productivity from using an intuitive task runner.

  </code></pre>
</div>

<p class="body-text">We are going to quickly and carefully add the code below to scaffold out our Resource List and focus on the capabilites of yo generater-electrode-component. Navigate to <'your-awesome-component'>/client/components/home.jsx:</p>

Commit message:

Adds more detail to the src folder description

_docs/03.1-create_standalone_component.markdown, after:

---
title:  "Create a Standalone Component"
permalink: docs/create_standalone_component.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Intermediate"
---

<p>First things first. Let's make our thing... a Thing! By taking some of the very basics we explored in our <a href="#">Quick Start</a>, we want to build a dynamic resource list that is styled, tested, published and capable of being deployed with other deployment software like Azure, Docker and Kubernetes.</p>

<p>Again, we are leveraging <a href="http://yeoman.io/">Yeoman</a> to quick start the creation of our first stand alone component. We will globally install the Electrode <a href="https://github.com/electrode-io/generator-electrode-component" class="doc-links">generator-electrode-component:</a></p>

<div class="snippet">
  <pre><code>
    npm install -g generator-electrode-component
  </code></pre>
</div>

<p class="body-text">Then <a href="https://github.com/electrode-io/generator-electrode-component" class="doc-links">generate</a> your new component:</p>

<div class="snippet">
  <pre><code>
    yo electrode-component
  </code></pre>
</div>

<p class="body-text">Fill out the Electrode generator-electrode-component with your information.</p>

<p class="body-text">Run one simple command. This one will load the component in a demo showcase. We have the power of seeing the demo work in an abstracted environment:</p>

<div class="snippet">
  <pre><code>
    gulp demo
  </code></pre>
</div>

<p class="body-text">Open the application up with your favorite text editor. We will start with a fast high level view of the most important files in your component: </p>

<div class="snippet">
  <pre><code>
    demo
      A live demo of your component. You can play with it's integration in real time. This folder contains the .example files which you can customize to demonstrate the default state of your components when mounted in the playground.

    node_modules
      Other Javascript files contained in modules that we will use in this application, including Electrode modules that create your out-the-box Univeresal app.

    src
      Where all our component's source code lives, in their respective files. Non-universal apps might normally call this the “client” folder, but since our app code will run both on the client and server, via server side rendering, we call this folder "src".

    test
    Test driven development is the WalmartLabs way and critical for successful growth and scaling. All testing code lives in this folder and we will focus on unit testing with Mocha + Enzyme soon.
      |_client
        |_components
          |_helpers
        |_.eslintrc
          A configuration file that sets our custom linting rules and basic syntax validation. In this case it is extended from the electrode-archetype-react-component.

    components.json
      This JSON file is automatically generated to described and bootstrap your component so that the playground/explore can mount it in your component library.

    gulpfile.js
      Gulp is a javascript build tool that lets us automate tasks and the gulpfile.js is where define those tasks. We like it's simple syntax and the increase in productivity from using an intuitive task runner.

  </code></pre>
</div>

<p class="body-text">We are going to quickly and carefully add the code below to scaffold out our Resource List and focus on the capabilites of yo generater-electrode-component. Navigate to <'your-awesome-component'>/client/components/home.jsx:</p>
