_docs/03.1.6-add_data.markdown, before:

---
title:  "Add Data"
permalink: docs/add_data.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Intermediate"
---

###Add Demo data.
Create a file titled: `<your-awesome-component>/demo/examples/render-friend.example`. Copy, paste and save the code below into this file:

```
  <RenderFriend
    friend={
      {name: "John", img: "//goo.gl/dL5MXT"}
    } />
```

Create a file titled: `<your-awesome-component>/demo/examples/guest-list.example`. Copy, paste and save the code below into this file:

```
<GuestList
  invitees={[
  {name: 'John Smith', invited: false},
  {name: 'Jane Smith', invited: false},
  {name: 'Dan Jones', invited: false}
  ]}
  toggleGuest={(invitee) => alert(invitee.name)}
  />
```

Navigate to `<your-awesome-component>/demo/examples/your-awesome-component.example`. Add the code below between your component tags:

```
  <YourAwesomeComponent
  -insert code below here-
                    />.
```
It should look like this:

```
<YourAwesomeComponent
  ourFriends={[
   {name: "electrode", img: "//goo.gl/CZ4wAF", size: 12},
   {name: "hapi", img: "//goo.gl/q9uIFW", size: 12},
   {name: "React", img: "//goo.gl/dL5MXT", size: 12},
  ]}

  invitees={[
   {name: "electrode", invited: false},
   {name: "hapi", invited: false},
   {name: "React", invited: false}
  ]}

  toggleGuest={(invitee) => alert('Edit invitees array in playground to invite a guest!')}

  message={(c)=>(

  <div className={c}>Change key 'invited' to true in 'invitees' array in the playground
  above to invite guests!</div>

  )}
/>
```

Commit message:

Updates app code w/ linting error fix. Resolves issues #124 + #127 (#136)
* Resolves issue #118

* Resolves issue linting error in component

* Removes hapi + webpack from server plugin - cleans up wording

* Resolves lint errors in example app - James's app pr

* Resolves issues #124 + #127

_docs/03.1.6-add_data.markdown, after:

---
title:  "Add Data"
permalink: docs/add_data.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Intermediate"
---

###Add Demo data.
Create a file titled: `<your-awesome-component>/demo/examples/render-friend.example`. Copy, paste and save the code below into this file:

```
  <RenderFriend
    friend={
      {name: "John", img: "//goo.gl/dL5MXT"}
    } />
```

Create a file titled: `<your-awesome-component>/demo/examples/guest-list.example`. Copy, paste and save the code below into this file:

```
<GuestList
  invitees={[
  {name: 'John Smith', invited: false},
  {name: 'Jane Smith', invited: false},
  {name: 'Dan Jones', invited: false}
  ]}
  toggleGuest={(invitee) => alert(invitee.name)}
  />
```

Navigate to `<your-awesome-component>/demo/examples/your-awesome-component.example`. Add the code below. Don't forget to change the references from the literal YourAwesomeComponent to your actual component name:

```javascript
<YourAwesomeComponent
  ourFriends={[
   {name: "electrode", img: "//goo.gl/CZ4wAF", size: 12},
   {name: "hapi", img: "//goo.gl/q9uIFW", size: 12},
   {name: "React", img: "//goo.gl/dL5MXT", size: 12},
  ]}

  invitees={[
   {name: "electrode", invited: false},
   {name: "hapi", invited: false},
   {name: "React", invited: false}
  ]}

  toggleGuest={(invitee) => alert('Edit invitees array in playground to invite a guest!')}

  message={(c)=>(

  <div className={c}>Change key 'invited' to true in 'invitees' array in the playground
  above to invite guests!</div>

  )}
/>
```
