_docs/03.1.2-component_helpers.markdown, before:

---
title:  "Component Helpers"
permalink: docs/component_helpers.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Intermediate"
---

#### Develop helpers for the components

In `src`, create a folder named `helpers` with a file named `graph-styles.js` inside (`<your-awesome-component>/src/helpers/graph-styles.js`). Copy the code from below into this file:

```javascript
const PARENT = {divisor: 2};
const CHILD = {divisor: 4, rotateBack: -1};
const SINGLE = {marginDivisor: 8};
const CONTAINER = {paddingDivisor: .13, marginDivisor: .13};

export default (type, size, rotateVal) => {

  const nodeSize = type === "child" ? (size / CHILD.divisor) : (size / PARENT.divisor);

  const parentOrSingle = {
    width: `${nodeSize}em`,
    height: `${nodeSize}em`,
    margin: `-${nodeSize / PARENT.divisor}em`,
    display: `block`,
    position: `absolute`,
    top: `50%`,
    left: `50%`,
    transform: `translate(0em)`
  };

  switch (type) {

  case "single": {
    const singleNode = {
      display: `inline-block`,
      position: `relative`,
      margin: `${nodeSize / SINGLE.marginDivisor}em`
    };
    ["width", "height"].map((prop) => singleNode[prop] = parentOrSingle[prop]);
    return singleNode;
  }

  case "child": {
    const childNode = {
      transform: `rotate(${rotateVal * 1}deg) translate(${nodeSize * PARENT.divisor}em) rotate(${rotateVal * CHILD.rotateBack}deg)`, // eslint-disable-line max-len
      backgroundSize: `100%`
    };
    return Object.assign(parentOrSingle, childNode);
  }

  case "container": {
    return {
      position: `relative`,
      width: `${size}em`,
      height: `${size}em`,
      padding: `${size * CONTAINER.paddingDivisor}em`,
      borderRadius: `50%`,
      display: `inline-block`,
      margin: `${size * CONTAINER.marginDivisor}em`
    };
  }

  default: {
    return parentOrSingle;
  }
  }
};
```

Commit message:

Better explanation of component helpers (#360)
* add electrode config tutorial for confippet

* add express config tutorial for confippet

* add more instructions to electrode confippet configuration

* add hapi config tutorial for confippet

* add more instructions to electrode confippet configuration

* replace low res image with markdown

* change usage description of the above the fold component

* add additional content and config instructions

* complete example usage for csrf_validation

* better explanation of component helpers

* merge conflicts

_docs/03.1.2-component_helpers.markdown, after:

---
title:  "Component Helpers"
permalink: docs/component_helpers.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Intermediate"
---

#### Develop helpers for the components

Sometimes it make sense to do the heavy lifting of your application in one or more separate modules that are imported. For example, let's make a helper module to handle different types of graphs. Remember that this helper was imported into the app in the last section via:

```import style from "../helpers/graph-styles";```

In `src`, create a folder named `helpers` with a file named `graph-styles.js` inside (`<your-awesome-component>/src/helpers/graph-styles.js`). Copy the code from below into this file:

```javascript
const PARENT = {divisor: 2};
const CHILD = {divisor: 4, rotateBack: -1};
const SINGLE = {marginDivisor: 8};
const CONTAINER = {paddingDivisor: .13, marginDivisor: .13};

export default (type, size, rotateVal) => {

  const nodeSize = type === "child" ? (size / CHILD.divisor) : (size / PARENT.divisor);

  const parentOrSingle = {
    width: `${nodeSize}em`,
    height: `${nodeSize}em`,
    margin: `-${nodeSize / PARENT.divisor}em`,
    display: `block`,
    position: `absolute`,
    top: `50%`,
    left: `50%`,
    transform: `translate(0em)`
  };

  switch (type) {

  case "single": {
    const singleNode = {
      display: `inline-block`,
      position: `relative`,
      margin: `${nodeSize / SINGLE.marginDivisor}em`
    };
    ["width", "height"].map((prop) => singleNode[prop] = parentOrSingle[prop]);
    return singleNode;
  }

  case "child": {
    const childNode = {
      transform: `rotate(${rotateVal * 1}deg) translate(${nodeSize * PARENT.divisor}em) rotate(${rotateVal * CHILD.rotateBack}deg)`, // eslint-disable-line max-len
      backgroundSize: `100%`
    };
    return Object.assign(parentOrSingle, childNode);
  }

  case "container": {
    return {
      position: `relative`,
      width: `${size}em`,
      height: `${size}em`,
      padding: `${size * CONTAINER.paddingDivisor}em`,
      borderRadius: `50%`,
      display: `inline-block`,
      margin: `${size * CONTAINER.marginDivisor}em`
    };
  }

  default: {
    return parentOrSingle;
  }
  }
};
```
