_docs/03.4-server_config.markdown, before:

---
title:  "Server Config"
permalink: docs/server_config.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Intermediate"
---

###Server Config + Confippet

Out of the box we're given [Confippet](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-confippet), a versatile utility for managing your NodeJS application configuration. Its goal is customization and extensibility, but offers a preset config out of the box:

```
  config
    |_default.json
    |_development.json
    |_production.json
```

We'll need to extend our default.json to include our `friends` plugin and module `./server/plugins/friends`.

Navigate to `<your-awesome-app>/config/development.json`. Copy, paste and save `friends` plugin below the `webapp` plugin:

```json

  "friends": {
    "module": "./server/plugins/friends"
  }

```
Make sure to add the comma `,` before `"friends"`. It should now look like this:

```json
  {
    "plugins": {
      "webapp": {
        "module": "./server/plugins/webapp",
        "options": {
          "paths": {
            "/{args*}": {
              "content": {
                "module": "./server/views/index-view"
              }
            }
          }
        }
      },
      "friends": {
        "module": "./server/plugins/friends"
      }
    }
  }
```

You can learn more about Confippet and ways to extend your config in our Advanced Electrode App with the [Confippet](confippet.html) stand alone module.

Let's check it out! We'll run through our steps to test, run the app and view it in the browser:

```bash
  gulp check
  gulp hot
```

Navigate to `localhost:3000`. Feel free to add your own personal touch and build out your Resource List House Party.

When you're ready, you can deploy Your Awesome App to [Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/deployment) by following the previous steps in our [Getting Started: Build More](build_more.html) section. You can also navigate to [Intermediate: More Deployments](more_deployments.html) to learn how to deploy with [Azure](azure.html), [Docker](docker.html) and [Kubernetes](kubernetes.html).

Commit message:

Updates Advance section + generator form  (#58)
* Adds dummy generator app in quick guide

* Adds final styles to components - changes for showcase

* Adds wrapper around house in base.css - add_routes.md

* Updates Advanced content with feedback from team - updates server_config

* Adds copy above final app version text

* Adds images in tools + explorer

* Updates Docker docs w/ new built in image instructions

_docs/03.4-server_config.markdown, after:

---
title:  "Server Config"
permalink: docs/server_config.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Intermediate"
---

###Server Config + Confippet

Out of the box we're given [Confippet](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-confippet), a versatile utility for managing your NodeJS application configuration. Its goal is customization and extensibility, but offers a preset config out of the box:

```
  config
    |_default.json
    |_development.json
    |_production.json
```

We'll need to extend our default.json to include our `friends` plugin and module `./server/plugins/friends`.

Navigate to `<your-awesome-app>/config/development.json`. Copy, paste and save `friends` plugin below the `webapp` plugin:

```json

  "friends": {
    "module": "./server/plugins/friends"
  }

```
Make sure to add the comma `,` before `"friends"`. It should now look like this:

```json
  {
    "plugins": {
      "webapp": {
        "module": "./server/plugins/webapp",
        "options": {
          "paths": {
            "/{args*}": {
              "content": {
                "module": "./server/views/index-view"
              }
            }
          }
        }
      },
      "friends": {
        "module": "./server/plugins/friends"
      }
    }
  }
```

You can learn more about Confippet and ways to extend your config in our Advanced Electrode App with the [Confippet](confippet.html) stand alone module.

Let's check it out! We'll run through our steps to test, run the app and view it in the browser:

```bash
  gulp check
  gulp hot
```

Navigate to `localhost:3000`. Check it out! This is the `Index route` which renders our `Home component` using Server Side Rendering:

![app-home-view](/img/app-home-view.png)

By tapping on the `Click Here to Make it a Party` link Your Awesome App routes to the `/invite route`, which renders the `guest list component`:

![app-guest-list](/img/app-guest-list-view.png)

By checking the guest list, you are setting that selected `invitee object's` key to {invited: true}, which tells `renderFriends` to render.

When all of our guest are invited to the House Party are CSS modules kick in and launch an Electrode House Party!

![app-party-view](/img/app-party-view.png)

Feel free to add your own personal touch and build out your Resource List House Party.

When you're ready, you can deploy Your Awesome App to [Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/deployment) by following the previous steps in our [Getting Started: Build More](build_more.html) section. You can also navigate to [Intermediate: More Deployments](more_deployments.html) to learn how to deploy with [Azure](azure.html), [Docker](docker.html) and [Kubernetes](kubernetes.html).
