---
title:  "Azure"
permalink: docs/azure.html
toplevel: "Getting Started: Intermediate"
---

###Deploy with Microsoft Azure

[Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-web-nodejs-get-started/) is a robust collection of integrated cloud services from Microsoft. Their goal is to offer users a flexible and efficient cloud platform that you can run anywhere. Before we walk through the instructions on how to deploy Your Awesome App on Azure, please have both a [Microsoft Azure Account] (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/member-offers/msdn-benefits-details/) and
[Azure CLI tool belt] (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/xplat-cli-install/) installed.

Log in to Azure from the command line:

```bash
$ azure login
```

You will be redirected to a browser to continue logging. Sign in using the browser and you will receive a success message in your terminal, letting you know what `info: login command OK`.

Create the App Service app resource with a unique app name with this simple [Azure tutorial] (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-web-get-started/), created by Microsoft:

Sign in to the Azure portal with your Azure account. From the left menu, click `New > Web + Mobile > Web App`.

In the app creation blade, use the following settings for your new app:

*  App name: Your-Awesome-App
*  Resource group: Select `Create new` and give the resource group a name.
*  App Service plan/Location: Click it to configure, then click `Create New` to set the name, location, and pricing tier of the App Service plan. (Feel free to use the Free pricing tier).
*  Click `Create` at the bottom. You can click the `Notification` icon at the top to see the progress.
*  When deployment is finished, you should see this notification message. Click the message to open your deployment's blade.
* In the `Deployment succeeded` blade, click the `Resource` link to open your new web app's blade.

Getting Ready to Deploy:

*  In the web app blade, scroll down to `Deployment options` or search for it, then click it.
*  Click `Choose Source > Local Git Repository > OK`.
*  Back in the web app blade, click `Deployment credentials`.
*  Set your deployment credentials and click Save.
*  Back in the web app blade, scroll down to `Properties` or search for it, then click it. Next to `Git URL`, click the `Copy` button.

Now, let's deploy some code to Azure using Git:

In your command-line, make a new directory, with a different name and clone Your-Awesome-App like this:

```bash
git clone <your-awesome-app>
```

Switch back to the original Your-Awesome-App repo. Configure the Git remote for your Azure app its Git URL, which you copied from the Portal a few steps ago.

```bash
git remote add azure <new-cloned-repo-of-your-awesome-app>
```

Deploy your code to your Azure app:

```bash
git push azure master
```

To make updates use the folling steps:

```bash
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "Updates Azure App Service"
$ git push azure master
```

Launch your live Azure app from the command line:

```bash
$ azure site browse
```

Feel free to explore the [Azure] (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-web-overview/) site and learn more about best practices such as specifiying your [Node version] (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/nodejs-specify-node-version-azure-apps/), using [Node modules] (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/nodejs-use-node-modules-azure-apps/) with Azure Apps and how to [debug a Node app] (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/web-sites-nodejs-debug/) in Azure App service.
