_docs/04.2.2-electrode_explorer.markdown, before:

---
title:  "Electrode Explorer"
permalink: docs/electrode_explorer.html
toplevel: "Stand Alone Modules"
---

> An electrode application that allows you to view all the components in your organization, play with the components, read the component docs, view the different versions of the component, and more - All in your browser.  
[View The Live Demo](https://electrode-explorer.herokuapp.com/)

![electrode-explorer](/img/electrode-explorer.png)

## Prerequisites

* node: ">=4.2.0"
* npm: ">=3.0.0"
* Github access token

## Overview

This is a central place where you can view

* demos of all the components under the organizations you specified
* documentations of your components
* dependencies your components have (dependencies)
* other components/applications that depend on your components (usages)

There are 2 ways the components can update dynamically:

1. Add github hooks to send POST requests to `/api/update/{org}/{repoName}` when a new tag is created
2. Enable `./server/poll` plugin, so the server will send the POST requests every certain interval

It's recommended to use Method #1 to see updates in near real time.

After the server receives the POST request, it will fetch the `package.json` file under `yourGithubUrl/org/repoName`,
update [data/orgs.json] and `data/{org}/{repoName}.json` files. If there is a newer version, it will try to download the
new component through npm ([scripts/install-module.sh]) after a waiting period, babel transpile, and webpack the demo module ([scripts/post-install-module.sh]).

To make the server update immediately or force an update, add a url parameter to the POST request, `/api/update/{org}/{repoName}?updateNow=1`.

This post processing script works well with all electrode components. If you have non-electrode components, you can modify your [scripts/post-install-module.sh] to babel transpile and bundle your demo files.

## Config

```js
// config/default.json
{
  "plugins": {
    "./server/poll": {
      "options": {
        "enable": false
      }
    }
  },

  "githubApi": {
    "version": "3.0.0",
    "pathPrefix": "/api/v3",
    "protocol": "https",
    "host": "github.com"
  },

  "ORGS": [
    // org/user names under which components will be included in the explorer
    // for example, put ["xxx", "yyy"] to include every repo under github.com/xxx and github.com/yyy
  ],

  "REPOS_USAGE_INCLUDE": [
    // consumers need to contain one of these substrings to be included in usages
    // for example, put ["react"] so consumers named /*react*/ will be included in usages
  ],

  "REPOS_USAGE_EXCLUDE": [
    // consumers containing any of these substrings won't be included in usages
    // for example, put ["training"] so consumers named /*training*/ will be excluded in usages
  ],

  "MODULE_PREFIXES_INCLUDE": [
    // only module names beginning with one of these strings will be included in dependencies
    // for example, put ["react"] so only modules with name starting with "react" will be included in dependencies
  ],

  "NPM_WAITING_TIME": 300000, // wait for 5 minutes before `npm install`

  "POLL_INTERVAL": 3600000, // poll for updates once an hour, applicable when you enable poll plugin

  "GHACCESS_TOKEN_NAME": "GHACCESS_TOKEN" // github token variable name, your token would be accessible via `process.env["GHACCESS_TOKEN"]`}
```

## Start server

First install dependencies

```bash
npm i
```

Export github access token or set it as an environment variable

```bash
export GHACCESS_TOKEN=YOUR_GITHUB_TOKEN
```

For development mode

```bash
gulp dev
```
or

```bash
GHACCESS_TOKEN=YOUR_GITHUB_TOKEN gulp dev
```

For production mode

```bash
gulp build
```

and

```bash
NODE_ENV=production node .
```

or

```bash
GHACCESS_TOKEN=YOUR_GITHUB_TOKEN NODE_ENV=production node .
```

## Deploy

Since this is an electrode app, it can be deployed the same way as any other electrode app. Just remember to set your github token as an environment variable.

## Learn more

Wish to learn more? Check our [wiki] page!

[data/orgs.json]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-explorer/blob/master/data/orgs.json
[scripts/install-module.sh]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-explorer/blob/master/scripts/install-module.sh
[scripts/post-install-module.sh]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-explorer/blob/master/scripts/post-install-module.sh
[wiki]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-explorer/wiki

Commit message:

Splits build more + deploy, updates explorer + docker docs (#65)
* Adds dummy generator app in quick guide

* Adds final styles to components - changes for showcase

* Adds wrapper around house in base.css - add_routes.md

* Updates Advanced content with feedback from team - updates server_config

* Adds copy above final app version text

* Adds images in tools + explorer

* Updates Docker docs w/ new built in image instructions

* Splits build more + deploy - adds navigatin

* Updates explorer and bolds Docker built in image + link

* Updates kubernettes link

_docs/04.2.2-electrode_explorer.markdown, after:

---
title:  "Electrode Explorer"
permalink: docs/electrode_explorer.html
toplevel: "Stand Alone Modules"
---

> An electrode application that allows you to view all the components in your organization, play with the components, read the component docs, view the different versions of the component, and more - All in your browser.  
[View The Live Demo](https://electrode-explorer.herokuapp.com/)

![electrode-explorer](/img/electrode-explorer.png)

## Prerequisites

* node: ">=4.2.0"
* npm: ">=3.0.0"
* Github access token

## Overview

This is a central place where you can view

* demos of all the components under the organizations you specified
* documentations of your components
* dependencies your components have (dependencies)
* other components/applications that depend on your components (usages)

There are 2 ways the components can update dynamically:

1. Add github hooks to send POST requests to `/api/update/{org}/{repoName}` when a new tag is created
2. Enable `./server/poll` plugin, so the server will send the POST requests every certain interval

It's recommended to use Method #1 to see updates in near real time.

After the server receives the POST request, it will fetch the `package.json` file under `yourGithubUrl/org/repoName`,
update [data/orgs.json] and `data/{org}/{repoName}.json` files. If there is a newer version, it will try to download the
new component through npm ([scripts/install-module.sh]) after a waiting period, babel transpile, and webpack the demo module ([scripts/post-install-module.sh]).

To make the server update immediately or force an update, add a url parameter to the POST request, `/api/update/{org}/{repoName}?updateNow=1`.

This post processing script works well with all electrode components. If you have non-electrode components, you can modify your [scripts/post-install-module.sh] to babel transpile and bundle your demo files.

## Config

```js
// config/default.json
{
  "plugins": {
    "./server/poll": {
      "options": {
        "enable": false
      }
    }
  },

  "githubApi": {
    "version": "3.0.0",
    "pathPrefix": "/api/v3",
    "protocol": "https",
    "host": "github.com"
  },

  "ORGS": [
    // org/user names under which components will be included in the explorer
    // for example, put ["xxx", "yyy"] to include every repo under github.com/xxx and github.com/yyy
  ],

  "REPOS_USAGE_INCLUDE": [
    // consumers need to contain one of these substrings to be included in usages
    // for example, put ["react"] so consumers named /*react*/ will be included in usages
  ],

  "REPOS_USAGE_EXCLUDE": [
    // consumers containing any of these substrings won't be included in usages
    // for example, put ["training"] so consumers named /*training*/ will be excluded in usages
  ],

  "MODULE_PREFIXES_INCLUDE": [
    // only module names beginning with one of these strings will be included in dependencies
    // for example, put ["react"] so only modules with name starting with "react" will be included in dependencies
  ],

  "NPM_WAITING_TIME": 300000, // wait for 5 minutes before `npm install`

  "POLL_INTERVAL": 3600000, // poll for updates once an hour, applicable when you enable poll plugin

  "GHACCESS_TOKEN_NAME": "GHACCESS_TOKEN" // github token variable name, your token would be accessible via `process.env["GHACCESS_TOKEN"]`}
```

## Start server

First install dependencies

```bash
npm i
```

Export github access token or set it as an environment variable

```bash
export GHACCESS_TOKEN=YOUR_GITHUB_TOKEN
```

For development mode

```bash
gulp dev
```
or

```bash
GHACCESS_TOKEN=YOUR_GITHUB_TOKEN gulp dev
```

For production mode

```bash
gulp build
```

and

```bash
NODE_ENV=production node .
```

or

```bash
GHACCESS_TOKEN=YOUR_GITHUB_TOKEN NODE_ENV=production node .
```

## Deploy

Since this is an Electrode application, it can be deployed the same way as any other Electrode app. You can use [Heroku](deploy.html) by following the steps in our Quick Start or use the [More Deployments](more_deployments.html) as a resource.

*Just remember to set your GitHub token as an environment variable.

## Learn more

Wish to learn more? Check our [wiki] page!

[data/orgs.json]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-explorer/blob/master/data/orgs.json
[scripts/install-module.sh]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-explorer/blob/master/scripts/install-module.sh
[scripts/post-install-module.sh]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-explorer/blob/master/scripts/post-install-module.sh
[wiki]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-explorer/wiki
